1) ek chotta sa sensor type bhi lgega
jo ki paper pe lines kaha draw hai vo sab detect kar sake
kyuki saare assignment pages exactly same nahi rehte, kuch ke lines upar neeche hote, kuch ke margins left right
so we can't take a default or it wont work

First scan every page to get its correct ruled page image and use it to call the function /drawing/generator.py -> create_svg_with_ruled_lines()
with appropriate parameters. Maybe modify the function to be able to take coord of each line as well, instead of generic distance 
between each line is 'x', etc. because maybe the line distance changes across the page.

Paper dimensions and margins (top, left) are defined in /drawing/paper.py, so see where it is initialised and use the sensor data 
to initialise that class properly too. It is initialised in /hand/_draw_enhanced.py

Scope limitation: Currently we will only handle PICT official assignment pages and not any other kind of ruled pages.



2) convert the drawing mechanism from line as a unit to a word as a unit. instead of passing lines to the drawing,
pass words and each word would be rendered if the heuristic function thinks the word can fit on the line.

Ideas for randomisation: 
a) Create a heuristic function to get needed space for word. If the needed space is withing some range of the
actual available space, then you can 'squeeze' the word x% of the time, where x would be decided on random depending on other factors like bias
b) The spacing between words would be random to a small extent (again influenced by bias value)



3) Solution for the degrading of handwriting within a token

The main problem is not just that the moel "forgets" how to draw the strokes, the problem is also the gradual drifting of 
start points which accumulates over time. This is because each character starts from where the previous character ended.

This is a more complex version of Solution 1. You could generate "the the the" and save its strokes. Then, you could 
prime the next generation with those strokes to generate the next "the the the". This is much more complex as it requires 
you to manually manage the stroke data, but it's a way to "remind" the model what good handwriting looks like part-way through.

We should infact store the data generated for all the tokens for this very purpose -- in future they could provide a huge 
dataset to prime our words. This data can be stored in from of word - style pair and can be then fetched whenever that word
has to be drawn in that style, to prime the word appropriately. Note that idk how necessary this is because the existing priming
method is already pretty good.